Update readme to remove usage of the run script (#986)
canonical-web-and-design/jaas-dashboard: README.md

- [ ] Can you view the controllers list?
- [ ] Is the controllers list hidden if you do not have permission to view it?
- [ ] Are your model details accurate?
- [ ] Can you modify an applications config?
- [ ] Can you execute actions?
- [ ] Can you view the action logs?
- [ ] Is the Topology rendered correctly?
- [ ] Chaos monkey, did anything break?
- [ ] General observations, was there anything that needs improvement?

## Developing the Dashboard

You will need the latest [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed. Then run:

```
yarn && yarn start
```

> ...and view the site locally at: http://localhost:3000/. Any changes you make to the code will be hotreloaded in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...and view the site locally at: http://localhost:3000/. Any changes you make to the code will be hot reloaded in the browser.
```
